Add LLM review plugin (#111)
Automattic/dangermattic: README.md

gem 'danger-dangermattic', git: 'https://github.com/Automattic/dangermattic'
```

### LLM-backed plugin setup

Plugins that call LLM APIs need the matching provider key available in CI:

- `OPENAI_API_KEY` for OpenAI models such as `gpt-4o`
- `ANTHROPIC_API_KEY` for Anthropic models such as `claude-sonnet-4-20250514`

> 

Reviewer: This makes sense to me as an edit. What do you think @iangmaia ?

    # Reports a warning if a pull request diff size is greater than 300
    pr_size_checker.check_diff_size(max_size: 300)
    ```
- `llm_reviewer` - Performs an automated LLM-based code review on the changed lines in a pull request
    ```ruby

>     # Reviews the PR diff with OpenAI and posts inline findings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Reviews the PR diff with GPT-4o and posts inline findings
```
